WIKI 1754 : added regexdrop.md (#1746)
gravwell/wiki: ingesters/preprocessors/regexdrop.md

# Regex Drop Preprocessor

The Regex Drop preprocessor filters entries based on regular expression matching. Entries that match the regex pattern are dropped from ingestion, allowing you to selectively exclude unwanted data before it reaches your Gravwell instance.

The Regex Drop preprocessor Type is `regexdrop`.

## Supported Options

> * `Regex` (string, required): The regular expression pattern to match against entry data. Supports standard Go regular expression syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Regex` (string, required): The regular expression pattern to match against entry data. Supports the [re2 regular expression syntax](https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax).
```
